Orion the Space Ranger

Basic Lore

	A lost Ranger on an alien planet, many of the things that grow in the world are incompatible with her biology, which makes it difficult
	to find nutrition. As such, she is unable to eat any raw or cooked foods, crockpot recipes, or even use honey poultices or healing salves. 
	Booster shots are pretty alright though.

Base Stats

	Health: 150
	Sanity: 150
	Hunger: 150
	
	Speed: 1 Wilson
	Hunger rate: 1 Wilson
	
Starting Items

	Uncharged Battery x 3
	Blasting Stick
	Flare x 1
	Nutri-bar x 3
	
Custom Items

	Uncharged Battery
		
		The basis for many of Orion's suit function. It needs to be charged by "cooking" it at a fire first.
		
		Crafted from 3 Electrical Doodads and 1 Thermal Stone
		
	Charged Battery
	
		An actually functional battery, which allows Orion to use her suit functions, as well as power her blaster. They do however can and will
		"spoil", decharging to become an Uncharged Battery again. Using Charged Batteries give you back Uncharged Batteries.
		
		Obtained by cooking Uncharged Batteries
		Alternatively, in a pinch, you can craft them from 1 Uncharged Battery and 1 Torch
		
	Flare
		
		A handy item, when equipped in the hand, it will burn and activate, releasing light. However, it will then immidietly start to decay. It
		can be left on the floor to allow the hands to be free to work things
		
		Crafted from 1 Flint, 1 Manure and 1 Reed
		
	Nutri-bar
	
		The only thing on that Orion can eat. 
		
		Crafter from 1 Nitre and 1 Wet Goop
	
	Blasting Stick
	
		Orion's handy Blaster. By itself, it increases the user's movement speed, just like the Walking Stick. Besides that, it can also be used 
		as a ranged weapon. It has 5 modes which you can cycle through with "[" and "]".
		
			Vanilla Blaster	
				This is the standard firing mode. It uses 3 Charged Batteries and deals 60 damage to an enemy
			Stun
				This can be used to stun enemeies and send them to sleep. It is only as strong as the Pan Flute, but single target. Uses 2
				Charged Batteries. Sleeping rabbits and birds can be trapped by placing a trap directly ontop of them. Moles can be captured with a hammer.\
			The bellow have been mothballed
				Incinerate
					This sets anything on fire. It can also relight fire pits. Uses 2 Charged Batteries
				Overcharge
					This will use all Charged Batteries you have, as well as permanently consuming one Battery, to deal heavy damage to a single target.
					It deals (60 + (30 * (All your Batteries - 3))) damage. It requires at least 3 Charged Batteries
				Disintegrate
					This will smash a tree or rock to smithereens, which is a heck of a lot faster than bashing it down. Uses 3 Charged Batteries
				
Suit Powers
Orion's suit also has a host of functions, but they require batteries to operate.

	Lights- Activated with the "L" Key
		
		For 3 in game hours, you will emit a pretty strong light, allowing you to work through the night.
		Uses 1 Charged Battery
		
	Jetpack-  Activated with the "R" Key
	
		Activating it allows you to teleport to a nearby location quickly
		Uses 2 Charged Batteries
		
	Heat Up- Activated with the "," Key
	
		Activating it heats you and nearby characters up to 35 degrees. It only lasts half an ingame hour. It does not heat you up very fast
		Uses 3 Charged Batteries
		
	Cool Down- Activated with the "." Key
	
		Activating it chills you and nearby characters down to 20 degrees. It only lasts half an ingame hour. It does not cool you down very fast
		Uses 3 Charged Batteries
		
Upgrades
You can craft upgrades to yourself to make yourself better
		
		Upgrade Kit
			
			A simple intermideary ingredient required to craft all other upgrades.
			Crafted from 1 Gear, 2 Doodads and 1 Paper
		
		Blaster Potency Upgrade
		
			Increases the power of the Vanila blaster by 30 damage, but also increase the battery cost by 1
			Crafted from 1 Upgrade Kit and 1 Red Gem
			Can be upgraded up to 10 times
		
		Blaster Stun Potency
		
			Increases the power of the stun blaster by 1 level, stunning enemies quicker, but also increase the battery cost by 1
			Crafted from 1 Upgrade Kit and 1 Blue Gem
			Can be upgraded up to 5 times
			
		Blaster Battery Efficiency
		
			Decreases the battery cost of both Vanila and Stun blaster modes by 1. The battery cost will never be less than 1
			Crafted from 1 Upgrade Kit and 2 Charged Batteries
	
	